Examples Consistent With the Core Schema (#3364)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.sample.json.md

)

# Subscribe to Kafka topic

> consumer.subscribe(['gcn.notices.mission'])

Reviewer: I think that we should keep this set to `igwn.gwalert`, because it is probably the most popular notice type that contains a HEALPix file.

## Decoding Embedded Data

> Some GCN notices include HEALPix sky maps encoded in [Base 64](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4648.html), a way of encoding binary data into text.

Reviewer: Fix typo:

```suggestion
Some GCN notices include HEALPix sky maps encoded in [base64](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4648.html), a way of encoding binary data into text.
```

Some GCN notices include HEALPix sky maps encoded in [Base 64](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4648.html), a way of encoding binary data into text.
The following code demonstrates how to extract, decode, and save the HEALPix data as a `.fits` file from a received notice. Python's built-in [`base64`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/base64.html#base64.b64encode) module provides the `b64decode` method to simplify the decoding process.

```python
import base64
from astropy.io import fits

# Extract the base64-encoded skymap

> skymap_string = alert_json["event"]["skymap"]

Reviewer 2: It's just a example, I used lvk file and it worked.

Author: @Vidushi-GitHub:  Sorry about that.  I thought, it is an example using an old version of the Core schema.

## JSON Schema Example for Embedding a FITS File

> Use the `"healpix_file"` property of te the Core Localization 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `"healpix_file"` property of the the Core Localization 
```

schema to embed the FITS file of a HEALPix localization map
(see also the next example.)
If you want to be able to include a second HEALPix or other
binary data, you need to declare your own property.

> For example, if your notice carries a PDF contour plot,

Reviewer: It seems strange to embed a PDF in a GCN Notice. PDFs are designed for human consumption, whereas FITS files are machine readable.

Author: Just an illustration of a different MIME type.
